grandma
Please talk to grandpa
Grandma, what do you usually call Grandpa You?
What do you call him now? Can he hear Lao You?
I am the new moon
Open your eyes and look at me
Didn't you say before that as long as you hear my name
Immediately full of energy
You say I look best in red
Open your eyes and look at me
Old demon old demon
Ouch.
grandma
I've only been leaving for a few days.
This house is as messy as a thief
The electricity is not charged
I don't know how you've been doing these days
I don't know how I live these days
But all I know is
During your absence
I was dead.
Sorry.
You shouldn't be left alone at home
You promise me
No matter what happens in the future
Let's not separate, okay?
I promise you.
You don't know when I went to deliver grandma today
He wouldn't wait for a traffic light.
He cried and said he had waited his whole life
And I was thinking.
People can't afford to wait much in this life
Not even for a minute
And you know what?
After you left, I waited for you every day.
As long as a century
We should cherish the present
Cherish every minute we spend together
Carry out our love and marriage to the end
Except for life and death
Nothing can separate us